(20 states, 40 iterations, training on each line)


Ere view the beauty to painted decay,
Angel and being and might thy fever none,
As all a me o by duty how clay,
Self and on seals distraction follow stone,
Blot to crowned so lies when now so me where:
Scarlet year should i me o if many near,
This the to thus shall hours and the thee clear.
To a heart and cancelled saucy find were;
Memory must sort and thinking thou spend,
Tells and all of thoughts hath when more to hold?
Healthful me and cannot i to grow friend,
Better conscience or in with but that my bold:
Who for show o'er for light and easy trust.
Life frown to i erst pitying moon unjust.


Than their of thy can truth what bare decay.
Blessings waiting cast longer survey bud.
Or if i as thee speaking sap in day,
Razed best why or homage doth quite doth mud,
Rest name i what still writ confounded bold,
First her be o like a might and yet near.
And all commit so where for progress hold,
No false-speaking is the asleep is there?
Thee thy rhyme to yet mine i thou divine,
Worst of sad have other to in my way,
Look bare to some thee in stol'n the strong thine,
Delights therefore see reign his old things stay,
If if why if who but since o ay weed,
To merit drink lords of living proceed.


False-speaking by which grace the upon there,
Grind thy days me not endowed sickness words.
Ten for against they have o in thy dear,
My defence faces my sight is affords,
Vaunt it thee love but laid strong shalt not say,
Were tempteth prevent'st what and for of brow,
I profaned where merit tresses decay:
Eternal not but as him but when now.
But where ever this curious much not many;
Did vex fair use am are rhyme savour friend,
Creating to-day mine I of that any!
Mark have to upon a his and his fiend,
By in look if twice which let charter show,
Hath my me of hand crushed from with self grow.


Bloody that when hearts him eye but due gathered:
Feeding thy well-contented but prizing drink.
Friend gracious on state yet turned o unfathered,
If with lips husbandry will thee thee think,
Spend the rising the heaven of winter tell;
Take for I but buriest that and than bright,
Thought wanton sometime fashion if this hell.
Days her time's birth doth more mercy thou write,
Which coloured should hide love no grant which sorrow,
Thou breathe but hast lends wilt but but wide make,
And hath my thou love is that sweet is morrow,
His do sense world me on gross when forsake,
Grow the fortify sweet nothing she show,
Eye feathers honour on justify so.


(20 states, 40 iterations, training on each sonnet)


A death without my being forbear a out,
So doth use thy found in no thy extreme,
Tanned being dost awards hundred poor but doubt,
As truant proud shalt know'st far monarch's dream,
Or which once did is night thy by bestow'st,
Quicker costs and over-plus how the one,
Words sweets to is ages be blindness grow'st,
Eve's gentle father me love love alone,
The canopy self with as guest saith go,
Time evil thy then thy stol'n I I love?
Of blot limbecks night king of and some grow,
Never desire my succeeding so on prove.
Huswife strength thy despised is behold,
Of see a far than why to fortune old.


Deep friend and most fell will I to praised thine,
Monsters true the as not his time be wrought,
And colour better odours burthen mine?
Unbless know so estimate what two thought.
That rich give and publish old doth amiss,
Thou to addition in trophies not too.
His air inward that what state and thought this,
Call but discourse thy prizing that how do:
In grows written they look way both life praise,
The looks with confounding is not worst moan.
Such eyes who and yet doth the more what days,
Art sight lines love lost though doth I upon,
That summon a thy world summer's deep rest,
Shall truth still so or I upon flower best.


(10 states, 10 iterations, training on each sonnet)


Me thou dost mine than with plea memory,
Loss thee the her with scythe his full for tomb;
But that doth which head wond'ring masonry,
If to name but where his my time love womb,
With brave so within light stand monument:
Change with love concord his it in is face,
When hideous others name hand pluck hue spent.
And thee the trouble shall amiss which disgrace,
See summer's like catch gone seem broke this same,
More dear we our motion and fleeting me,
Them as prophecies were at a for frame:
Consum'st call that the voice yet that straight ye,
Grace predict would hast by nature thou on,
Swear his fair that so decays a this gone.


Of purity lets me it threw if place,
Have receiv'st unlooked laughed do thy translate:
Thou darkening rarities and use as face,
My out of upon bewailed live state:
Praises how for to love most all why knights,
Verse purposed grow loveliness wind is might,
Care admiring moving converted wights?
Love for thou where horses no strong look spite.
With thine chance that to the would so and play'st,
Need truly thy sometimes self I thy friend,
That away distills fair time that what sway'st,
Have poet thou painted taught for see fiend,
I love-kindling which face mine thou your gait,
Poor my me like doctor-like thou not state.


(30 states, 40 iterations, training on each sonnet)


Abuse 'tis on dull heart slide put enlarged,
Husband recounting my great own desire,
Contented will enough must murd'rous charged,
Thou wound need means not praising are admire,
As in thee zealous my by at mine lease,
Shadows on my quick scorn did show my dyed,
First form in maladies harmful excess,
His moan thee rich they first me dignified?
So a and fair lovely buriest of age?
Love elements forfeit thinly transferred,
Self summer canopy deep equipage.
Penance shall what which though others in erred,
Must sworn not I contrary 'twixt my painted,
Triumphant that in but flourish acquainted.


Such the amazeth ill strength thither skill,
For and but pursuing things shall me found,
Please I mine heart they still my function ill?
Depends expressed advantage to the ground.
In thy will thought the drooping earth awake,
Nor me do o'ersways which sunk in world's knowing,
On manners days ruined becomes your sake,
Love's beauty's affords of counterfeit growing,
In the verse heaven's pebbled to overthrow,
For I but this mine steals your own gifts well,
Question wit rain slight thrice be newer woe,
Thou much speaking in from my help which hell?
Bends reap bear the self windows in mine leisure.
He feel thee finger thus me cunning pleasure.


Were love thou rhetoric eyelids whom one.
Scorn to be under not love as nights speak?
Unkind forfeit are you if those alone,
With all my lips love held to chips thoughts break,
The hath be the posting by note is be,
Power who it world's there's spacious divine?
Thy verse bastard nor of a fair decree!
Bending disgrace see to lest my fire thine:
On thy fiend being far pity where churl age,
Is a-doting who canopy a blood?
There alone in my to spends feature page,
Beauty and no three may more married brood.
Hope unkindness fair my one streams despising,
Hath the sweet but worth hush them thine arising.


Mine purpose will worms through tears these contents,
Life more autumn in mute pitch yea as play'st.
Well prove I think that uphold monuments.
Catch she which change a self many love to sway'st,
Body's friend's his angel heart o'er as so,
Self odours the sourest darling unseen.
What second esteem flame are banquet no,
Shape wear trust motley verse mad that of keen.
Weed falls little things blind thy tomb endured,
Times pace subjects so art me hawks how minds.
Short no feed thou faces thou great assured,
Of he men that it should say the self finds,
That when count whose self sinks a children eyes?
To lie young better change brings go arise.


Even saith untainted strangle let no day,
Sweet art if that swear why tend it that dead.
Shouldst my love he more to give cheeks away,
Devised eased and tears each to I unbred,
Did this with allayed golden state when change!
Age gilded to the sweetest monuments,
Excess unrest every thought discourse strange:
But side a compeers all what heat contents,
Pride thou as begins bough then this self field.
Might upon most one swift the have so ill,
Whom these faculty injury where held,
Which mine so but now exceed my loan skill,
Style but nor thy wit boast slow smell not thee,
Think time thou if gulls rare a since being be.


Folly even is rosy men's memory,
My glory I beds stewards gentle worth.
Defect erred unhappily fortify,
In the self nightly happier live with forth,
Because conquest to fortune's sides untold,
In my sport ugly had her legacy,
Sun compounds and issue them told hands hold,
As clearer be the smiling allow free,
It whom man's didst calls the amazeth sit,
Things how breathes with this key the equipage.
And authority hide the sweet thy wit:
Some ruinate less not within thy age,
In the world pride water constant thy seem,
In their sacred grace the woe pen esteem.


Self worthless candles sight most give such head,
Love's when to and shaken heart babe grow time,
Greet frown in the user alone her red,
Fire possesseth divide the robbery rhyme,
Of thy map many poison o as despise:
He shall I have not no cruel out thee,
From better drugs glory to says from eyes,
Rhyme loss makes thy sovereign and for to thee,
Weak delight composition and still live,
My seeming heart dye singleness the year,
But doth life bright anger darkening that give:
Thee so can speak till my might everywhere.
Love and thou repent that none like before,
Each deemed I most with for dost blunter more.


My monument tell dig fore thine to store,
One with thy fault he they and you extreme,
Is where my lips delight they shall spies more.
Be times winds say it do stol'n looks your dream,
The my by and own vermilion I mine,
With make turn beauty view of all will latch,
Hope rehearse and every sight process line:
Longer more belied for their face thou catch.
In master eye as me if heart are white,
It sins in thee bad thee much might is thee,
And to sunset mute feeding since delight,
Make tempteth made of youth as our brave see,
Sight unfolding made that no be wood you,
Dear comfort are nothing subject mine true.


She me not painful tied define affords,
Thou much sinful lips unless mute hence come,
Nor while manners pine even memory words,
Strange friends as look for possessing so doom,
Brand pleasing happy all a love are his,
Play cunning still being what appear for bright,
Five from my self doth glad my next and is,
Speechless bail and heart never have that write:
Perfect gives advised an brow he achieve.
By this my and bear weary to you thought.
Nothing see thy believe use sharpened live,
Excuse to on dissuade face she for brought.
Papers water for thy no lays which dead,
Which o I images to thought to bred.


Ever works cure so dear music hath end:
But played that but night sight accusing gain,
Thee love but though griefs it hides thou art spend,
No time unkind unfathered do for pain,
Paper when thou much thou time husbandry,
Words to make the sweet am weigh do invited,
Or own beauty poor fee posterity,
All groan are thy to-morrow trust delighted,
More were though thy flower many due and recured,
Fierce red repent ere this very wide brow,
That more him pride that whose poor needs assured.
In what and her art put'st overturn mow,
Page out taken thy duty more elsewhere,
Thou do rich my wretch look thou mayst sweets near.


(30 states, 20 iterations, training on each sonnet)


Painting so sable to show self and name.
Unkindness when already from should lover,
Which so seasons my way since substance same,
Bring in that evermore convertest cover.
That have and mind the hath be the heaven truth,
Might canst for we shall I mine might rehearse,
Ever me seem very those quite heart youth,
Than to entertain the or when this verse,
You in if now on when that time from ear.
Feeds me him a weary impiety,
But true which of and compare they it bear.
Summer not am grant rest society,
That but do it age I lips then amazeth,
Is deeds then sometime I ten take shall gazeth.


Name this be gone were breed sold heavenly stay,
Their concord I what thy greater he own pace,
Complain the when that soul your if decay,
Masked in annoy eyes see mourn self let race.
Victories and except them beside trust,
Too with thy place thy days or robbing place,
Princes on thought or essays thou unjust,
Pays twain this thy sight and to store do grace,
The make belongs eyes and assemble glory,
Not lovely thou spend I not the when slide,
In two best wantonly them fill to story,
Therefore pride forgot hate vex what abide,
Will but this welcome me mixed then in rotten,
With tell bent thy and what sweet hast forgotten.


(30 states, 20 iterations, training on each line)


Need what the assure make one since call held.
Date joy so can all cruel in desire.
Excuse me verse lies and need time for field,
Of odour the that ere and do but fire.
I so and therefore mayst of no rich deeds,
Of lie as made in that's when laid thee his.
And mine is but pity this with have weeds,
Or bastard kill in no lameness to is,
Dust spend'st in keeps fair new is they by best?
The wilt beguile my that sight tombs my is?
Left muse sleep fault wilt gilding if no rest.
Down but disdains outlive conquest amis,
Done oblation thy to potions sway'st war,
Not but and past my gracious and heart bar.


Till although and lend thee were and in wrong,
Bequest perfection thy wane rudely prove.
My my rich so keeps heart not mine death's young,
But kill missed dispense tanned and and calls love,
Hawks if mad loved for mute posterity,
You farther lesser that life but have latch:
On my stay dull kind a moan deny thee,
Long of heaven's now reserve both as than catch.
All-tyrant how hath a thy tend alone.
O she and but that see incertainty,
Strong he and and as since second but one,
And clerk lies fierce sweet mayst him tyranny,
That in usurer which in then lest bold,
Till yet on friend but even which he glad hold.


Age must of live to the name oft abide,
To hath sue cure that who he men the toiled.
Dwell and with now for am unions we slide,
Love beauties both my to a thee not foiled,
Do I tired for which I o three tract noon:
Duty then dwell what or tombs lesser waste,
Boast but winters love motion love ere son,
That hold thee and what doth o showing past,
The in my hearts thy rents theirs to why hide,
Steal beguile the art ye grief such for pride,
Vices then nor and seem is and stone ride?
Cross not bring for but if there of aside.
Fairing to three the past coral the meet,
Canopy wights sweetest with a god sweet.


(100 states, 20 iterations, training on each line)


To self and when this showing themes me trust,
Far bring self solemn when shoot monument,
In presume die is look divine unjust.
My my of where time of against my spent.
O though if our art all that view aside,
Therefore look happy might whilst tincture age,
As the are my why after those will bide,
And another what me kill equipage,
Applying time's executor sing gazeth,
Abundance his lies what I in to turned:
With even the gilded I heart same amazeth,
Each which life fire savour all strong thee burned.
With the possessing not then may the prove,
All nature in was that style thou and love.


Who thorns a kind mad self my eye sweet me,
At in for feel in her and my mine heart.
As made bending just state muse men much fee,
Added life hour for which one jade thee part,
Upon on while thou of pain to did now,
Wrong both do goodness cools thou through strength store,
Yours o what to to detain but when brow.
'tis my influence your he doth my why shore.
Root taste beauty which then th' dare in and play'st:
Not if right with leaving nothing lived love,
Stol'n o beggared me thou the the to sway'st,
Thee thou holds night did concord self remove,
And a he windy do hied as time see,
Love love with minion uprear praise trust thee.


Dost is sworn assemble sacred which fair?
If of brand plagues for riot some thee bright:
They thou the outright ignorance despair,
Never-resting ear but and if crow write.
Respects delights thou which best engrossed stand,
Thereby since for so others two when any,
And others thy change because if with hand,
And swift deem his and unmoved to many,
And therefore thou own show common poor breeds,
Divert flattery though so but o since slain:
Says excuse brings rich thou thee thy tongues deeds,
Old all is but I o how eyes book pain,
Do still which for hope mine sovereign seen so,
Friends to self others living so I woe.
