(30 states, 20 iterations, training on each line)


When it though be covetous painting due,
Exceeded on to splendour mightier thee?
Well-seeing when her fadeth doth is view,
A do to snow this than the cry be thee,
With worse suppressed is rude to me alive,
Her thine is mad his but the view is moan,
Advantage hiding for his woman strive,
Heart thee with holy loving rain will gone,
Him growing by to tongue-tied and dispatch,
Whom to-day who a tell from ghastly write,
To palate others walks will table catch,
Gravity thou upon in barren bright,
No which acceptance for in so in me,
That saturn shall is my with mourn with thee.


Gentle hated not of flowers and of dyed,
Silence my this him be forsworn to charged,
Describe prophecies dearer dignified?
To ripe been poor her precious theirs enlarged,
Fair water him of purest him did bright,
Or stealing random sweet to summer's time,
Constant equipage twain of saturn night,
And happies you this and a then is prime,
Make her sin of beauty's beauty being shame!
Would her over-goes children any use,
Is spirits lovely but with uneared name.
Fair sorrow making two of keep to muse,
If hatred after grew the read indeed,
My are remember let it cold with read.


Her one in times affections hath a dear,
Were and were save it thee of make it was:
Jewel mightier and with teachest tired there.
To that were nor the what in sovereign glass.
Of mistress winter roses vulgar seek,
If cherubins rage spring be thy his part,
But to whether but this dearest judgment cheek,
When fair askance if tyrant pity heart,
Methinks surfeit beauty even losing me,
For fall to and to strikes from eyes a spite,
Making robbing how be whether me in thee,
Cause to no this part them even all delight.
Good their antique transgression should defects,
To thou with tongue a paws the more respects.


(40 states, 30 iterations, training on each line)


Moon with I of I to singleness men,
Savage being pretty seeming beauty's bow.
Spheres a must be hours by be something pen,
Although covetous though the tongue-tied now,
Love reasons do to come in seeting way,
Thee when this famoused o a wand'rest so?
Why uttering that a rightly you in say,
Attending beauty making what the woe,
It ruin over-partial that if may,
This mortal seen were art advantage pen,
That waning might of lambs decay a day,
Why wretched still this busy and to men?
Advantage that good our resembling leaves,
With heat the more if sorrow then in sheaves.


Livery so forgoing for this thief,
Of loss exceeded swear if others truth,
I full a have from fairest or the grief.
Best thinking death in ladies silence youth.
Will making both her where it beauty hate,
Doubting love to wilfulness wretched stout,
Injuries never brav'ry though debate;
Unlooked even I be finding any out,
Your badness beauty when if hungry part,
Hear lest of we is ill is brightness face.
Weighs who this new-fired for his jealous heart,
Alone will fuel beseechers tender place.
Making pitied this mortal mine of deemed?
Making you to offence's me esteemed.


Yet from never sour ever-fixed brow,
Her gilding others dying make the main,
This when lascivious dost acquaintance now,
On high to on is fleeting which if gain,
And how it weary sun's continual love,
Be cupid where be counting naked trim,
Policy beauty's favour tyrant move:
Him in how to outright with fairer him,
O authorizing you to ever days,
Pitiful flattery all this shade if wronk,
Profaned thinking maiden th' his kingly lays.
Torment gift of time is special-blest tongue.
Love's spirit excellent feeling making wear.
What youth the hand if preposterously bear.


And if knowing blessed deserving lie.
Spring will feathered thou were crooked forsworn,
The gilding and it but to naked eye,
With side his for if blunter up to born,
The second ever wishing on unseen,
But said it incertainties thou the days,
Shall temptation unkindness marriage keen,
Rough noted eyed the story time decays,
His fight is seeing looking let control,
Worth hot her garments they in day of you.
Sweets promise yet the trifles thou his soul.
Work's be special whether rack from bosom threw,
To many smell unhappily my belong,
The that with lawful any watchman wrong.


Familiar hour night in fashion forsworn.
If wooing every words the weep his horse,
Is crooked fear to that be false in scorn,
O none to beauty's whoe'er when them force.
Rather being bright of fortune's birds is most,
Of brain remove if moving errors you,
And she divining when to settled boast;
To yet the I conceit of loving true,
Tyrannous extant sharpened there to day,
Didst in me another even proved it heart,
Stays how is beauteous whereto yet will may.
Were't wretched hopes to bitter looks the part,
From cannot tired beauty's to-morrow now:
Beauty profitless seasons backward bow.


(40 states, 30 iterations, training on each line)


Outward but eternal quality crossed.
Tell to summers are assured disease.
Slander's for her enemies and engrossed,
Be woman's should it your a gold to please,
I odour hold away a honour make,
Must in profaned I with all-eating words,
Staineth thy external possesseth take.
Woe saucy nothing steal it as affords,
To-morrow my the blazon morrow made.
Ever which if profaned o her such spring.
Eye's making gentle beauty feeling fade,
Solemn monument may of thousand thing,
Write happy curious content tattered shade,
The pain of absence worthy had the made.


Fool am this virtue which is hence define,
Much canker making feeble and is thee,
World saucy but if thee be I it mine,
The better absence several beauty see.
It o upon the swart-complexioned wide:
All forwards I to conscience seen disdain.
Where nothing promise happy I abide;
It finding house present transfix the pain,
The errors captain mutual content book,
Phoenix rotten even constant dwell assured,
My lovers are in scope a those it look,
It savage you amiss be your endured?
The presage thy another's bearer skill,
As executor grant if hate with ill.


Making inward life did glazed to kind?
Eyes when obsequious glory end in me,
It glory me her find the substance mind.
Ne'er-cloying other were't then of absence thee,
Leaves much a sorry never see of brand,
Excusing your alike be and of filed,
World let will do resembling and if hand,
Him than succession better lov'st compiled,
Speak learning 'gainst in hugely spending me,
It truth them hang of making our decease,
The same a governs lovely my them thee.
Love summer what to strangle self increase?
Even and from newer I to on good prime,
Blood in strangely stand a tongue's judgment's time.


Her sets injurious swallowed building ward.
To but upon the age to thee it seen,
Fair for decrepit but in leap is guard:
The eye of heaven heaven's mortal blood to green.
Great every can be wide is could alone,
Heaven's graces which is settled woeful state.
Them party I it cheered devouring gone,
Tops backward or converted perjured hate,
Critic even precious action owners check,
Or heavy dwell the after pretty lend,
To vouchsafe angry worthy outward beck,
Therefore aught this o'er truly question tend,
To made a content my good keen indeed,
Force thee to steal the up of quill to read.


Is figured ever-fixed witness spend,
It prime a robbery cannot sap from main.
Nor with ornament o'ersways cannot lend.
Since writers making side alone of gain?
End thou be much is thou a crooked knife,
Needs who of swart-complexioned so his prove?
End strong of but in my physicians life,
Scope treason but if I to far the love.
Behaviour gentle take to speaking time,
Many over-plus excellence purest shade,
Even both in seem another better rhyme,
This force of ill already april fade,
Possessing lacking only burning love;
Contented sins it chiding beauteous prove.


Whether of gust his pay assistance being see,
Describe if thou decrease the drops of doom,
Of strong the pride a boldness service thee,
To twenty they to virtuous or to come,
Day desire pleased to 'tis the statute stay,
Frantic-mad nothing praise upon the fight,
Whoever methinks wisdom body's way,
Every distempered policy tired quite:
Eternal coral beauty on this thief,
The rearward fire sweet-seasoned loving place,
Which limits pity hue possessing grief,
Servant so eternity forbear grace,
Impregnable sum authority ill,
To cheeks the bearer that is would the skill.


Glass changing novel making gracious show,
Injury dreaming think the where depend,
Praise under rhetoric so good heaven so,
Will and if uttering how of beauty end,
Possessing still to deep a note alone:
Tribes savour nothing am her body more,
To seeking nothing dwell confined good gone,
What eye be time's it captain life's to score,
Look back her moiety ragged woe the prime,
And ransom take the graces she allayed,
Unkindness blood a gentle reckoning time:
How it but if when it beauty being said;
Of any treason happy frailties feel,
Thought separation fame a see in steel.


The morning must in unions slave to spent,
I whereto th' a slanderers lawful deeds,
Time staineth I will bred the level rent,
Applying pine were self-substantial breeds,
Swart-complexioned cupid heaven ruminate?
Am measure shall in naked numbers hearts,
Re-survey o from surfeit but the state?
Sake wooing and in every one of parts:
The seasons not disdains if thou be chide.
Lost thou be and will ride the flesh in ill,
If truly fast betwixt in man provide,
Every wrong iniquity passed this skill.
Die but of wherefore kissing mine account:
Pardon how if being seeing swear surmount.


The other that another treads of store,
Towers down-rased but remembered second knights:
Chaste bareness moving olives balmy more,
A other old in so is set the wights,
Assistance all the day of white defect,
Nothing issueless mortal life rehearse,
Hand jealous sorrows then is thy respect,
In living errors poet live the verse,
Wrinkles bestow'st disdaineth nay if earth,
Be even which will starved to lusty sight,
Horses or if thou of swift-footed dearth,
Feeding and define it even and the night,
As making knowing every song belied,
Behind a pointing though will losing wide.


Tell child in lusty tables suffered gone,
Thoughts music better truly surfeit rhyme.
Any humour habit showers our alone,
It kissing dove the prove will hide the time,
Walks that if o if wrinkles shouldst a one,
Creatures frown of that his new of hours still,
Thy deceased it every love alone,
That three of hath good pencil longing ill,
A distance self will when it or her wear,
It as commanded beauteous woman's war,
If any beauty's worthy matter bear,
If married wond'ring bring his wit to bar,
Your simply only making bear the gate,
And sensual beauty nothing heavy state.


Those mother sweet did joy of young of wrongs.
It love with double tongue it but will take,
To so the farthest absence your belongs,
Moon touches comfort naming thousand sake,
Reasons yet perusal countenance mind.
Losses objects to-morrow far to write,
Golden fever tongue-tied ill-used being find,
Cunning that to kiss it moan her heaven might,
Nightly see abused this legacy gain,
Be true is strong to waning sightless tomb,
The treasure gentle fever evil pain.
Sweet bearing lease in that a more of dumb,
Serving renewest age a wealth it gay,
How taught to you asleep in my array.


If what will better savour though remain.
Being purge is naked storm-beaten hour pride.
It anon have to but it may with twain,
Night anchored robbery held her eyes beside,
For outward tribes appearance virtuous tell,
Without the painter light in flattery frame,
How it tired desert bearing brand to dwell,
I gilding hiding far will let the same:
Harmful either thee were awakes time's excuse?
Stelled but if thinking teachest hate away,
Cures moving as devouring debarred use,
To hence will waste the badness and to day,
The truth resemble eager overturn:
They to waning heaven all of such his burn.


Will flowers slander's even shady fairest love,
Ever enemies for in pity ye,
If truly but lascivious by the prove.
Is wherefore o if can invention me,
Unless a inconstant win to flowers old,
Curse inhearse love in loving beweep thine,
Well fortune whoe'er balmy cannot told,
Will under my the shade in poor divine,
Whoever wasteful finding jewels boat,
Unperfect richer making o'erpressed wind,
And executor sick her me afloat.
The air to ruin bettered suffers find,
To me be writers vassal children youth,
And and be vassal dulness sorrow truth.


Becoming history unbless even prove,
This creatures art's to dwells if my defects,
Unfathered war to thence to nature's love,
Were't restful tendered whereto your respects,
I looking and it certain copy taste,
Advocate my good patience spend in thee,
Despair that to niggard heaven shall this waste,
If which contented fire but to spites me,
And gentle and did steal the building woe,
Like I it kissing alack what to bright,
Mutual hugely accidents me will so.
Dear duty effectually give of light,
Died form possessing best it under fill?
To staineth due of bearer and to ill.


Creatures each her theirs this tyranny state,
Stelled grant with mind of thou be all away.
That beauty's duty uneared time will gait,
Blessed eased into master more to stay,
Her ruin thou be angel unthrifts quite,
A are it or from sweetest laughed repay.
That thus a sweet complexion could recite?
Contented graces beauty stand the day,
Well issue still to she in me commend:
Spirit bearing true in tickled sweet it pen;
Every injuries sleep of pen to mend,
Shine palate learned it or if nothing men:
Resembling making my if cannot hate:
Hand gentle merit pride this not debate.


